Why did you come to Zeyuan?
I heard you were with Ji Yanxi again recently
That woman treated you like that
Why do you still keep him by your side?
You think too much
I left Ji Yanxi by my side
Are you trying to humiliate him?
After all, he humiliated me back then
I didn't forget at all
I'm going to give it back to him intact
You're right to think so
I'm relieved.
Such a lowly woman
I don't deserve to be with you at all
You have to take good care of yourself
Don't forget your engagement with Chenxi
Lin Chenxi and I followed
Don't say that our Huo family and Lin family still cooperate.
Chen Xi also donated a kidney to you back then
You must get married, but